family leave work when at sea. So there will be during the holiday periods.
You know, the Christmas holiday period will be broken up. Two
parts up to Christmas around Christmas we're trying to do with that
point is, have you know as the ship go out on Christmas period and they'll
have a ship go out for New Year's and advice versa? Submit your
jets up through chief. She's tryingto house load and see who's a
lot to make sure the ship is people were. The order has personnel to
fill out a couple missions, and then I may ask someone, you know, go
back and forth. How about you take New Year's? You take Christmas
replies for so and that takes care of the Christmas holidays. During
the year you'll have for you a crew. 30 days leave per year, every
year, the jury and you can carry on the books. Uh, 60 days. Oh, the
third year you carry 90 days, you're gonna start to be a lose lose situation.
You can't carry over for fiscal year 246 So use it when you
got